📝 Change supported node versions (#2515)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/introduction/faq.mdx

## What versions of Node are supported?

> TinaCMS requires Node version 18 or higher, including all LTS releases, and supports NPM, PNPM, and Yarn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TinaCMS is supported on currently maintained LTS versions of Node.js and works with NPM, PNPM, and Yarn.
```
